[Music] let's
see auron Play got
angry it's because people started me I
found out about this because people started
writing to me in the comments box
lie in the comments box not in
the Instagram photo in the video that I
posted today on Instagram that I posted a video
not about Isabel Díaz Ayuso eh
People started putting cameos in
auron's stories and I said cameo in
auron's stories I'm leaving I'm looking at it if
auron had wanted something he would have
talked to me for pass
no and it turns out that
this is it I feel a little better now
friends I have snot you can notice it in my
voice by the way Javi ollos Javier os and
people thought this was for me
Javier Hoyos is good he's a friend of my
friend Marta riesco he's a partner of elen
as if we were you know I've known him for a
long time I mean he's talked about a lot of
gossip he was very involved in
the Kimberly thing for a while aa at the time he
made hashtag videos poic paramar
participated in some video of  wismichu I
mean he's always been there trying to
find his way into the
gossip world the one who uploads gossip to tiktok what was I
going to say I don't dislike you I respect your
work but damn lately you've been
putting me in every video it's that I
have nothing to do with it you're talking about other
people dude you're putting me in there
some guy a plum head who I don't
even know who he is and I don't give a damn who
his girlfriend is his New Life
context tremendous gossip
starring Auron Player Casillas and
Claudia Babel I'll tell you everything but
first in a row to be up to date with the
latest gossip let's see Let's
put ourselves in the situation the best thing is
that Auron as if he didn't want anything
has put the broccoli in the middle This is
a stuffed animal that my brother gave me I
call it acord brollo I mean I think he has
broc I think he remembered Javi from
hoyo because of the broco pollo eh it's the hair
that all the kids wear these days
true Javi Hoyos a while ago I
told you that there were followers of mine who
had caught Iker Casillas and Claudia
Babel having a date and because it
came to me they had had more than one date
Well, it seems that Iker Casillas would have
finished one of his
flings because you know that he flirts with
many Well, the fling with Claudia Babel
would have ended because why Because
Claudia Babel has just confirmed on her
social networks that she is dating the
ex-boyfriend of Auron's current girlfriend
Play I mean you are dating
Sara Ismael's ex with a host but wow
but what a gymnastics to get
Auron in there I mean let's see Iker Casillas
was flirting with a girl with
whom he has stopped flirting Because that
girl would now be flirting with a
boy who was her boyfriend or was boyfriend or had
something with the one Auron is now with Play I
curse my mother who gave birth to me I mean that
is forcing the name of a famous person in the
title Yes or yes eh Yes or yes eh with Mark
Fausto and  how do I know because
a couple of days ago I showed you a series of
tests that if you want you can see in
another video on my channel that they were
together and Oh wow Claudia Babel uploaded
this photograph holding
Mar's hands with a little heart And the truth is
that in life, but in life I have
seen Claudia Babel I don't know if you
share on social networks something that
suggests that she is in love Maybe
also because of the type of work that she has, it
is something that her followers would back
off I don't know because I saw It is the
first time that she shares something like this does this
mean that she is caught and another
curiosity that comes to me Sara Ismael the
current girlfriend of Aon Play has deleted
all Good night daddy Javi Where is
the hole Where is the hole sweating face
crab crab crab Melo cotón
the images with Mar does this mean
that it ended badly with Mark or that she wants to
start a new stage with auronplay and
erase her past well the story if
you catch these two please
many of you told me I have seen them I have seen them well
do them  a photo and we'll
discuss it here follow me for more
gossip I mean Javi you're going crazy
Javi I mean if you see these two
somewhere take a picture take a
picture the gang I see the kids who see
these people taking pictures of
any Random whatever I don't know who
those two are the mother who gave birth to me the
mother of my birth Javier ollos the one who
uploads gossip on tiktok what was I going to say I do
n't dislike you I respect your work but
[ __ ] lately you've been putting me in
every video it's that I have nothing to
do with it you're talking about other people dude you
're putting me in there a guy a
plum head who I don't even know who he
is and that I don't give a damn Who
his girlfriend is his new life and as if tomorrow
eh I don't know eh he's
going on a boat and crashes it I do
n't give a [ __ ] don't put me in there I have nothing
to do with it Javier ollos please
and Javier orio What did he do a video I
created a war between euron Play and
Claudia Babel in a way  I have involuntarily
created a war I have created a war
between Auron Play and Claudia Babel I have
involuntarily created a war
between Auron Play and Claudia Babel s
with you sorry but I have to tell
broco pollo all the gossip that has been
going on in the last few hours I'll tell the
reason but anes seguido to be up to date with the
latest gossip Play
sent me a message by the way Javi ollos
and I really think Auron
Play is right I'm going to explain to you let's see the other
day I said that there was some gossip
starring Aon Play Claudia Babel
Why Because Aon Play right now He's
with a gorgeous girl who has made us
believe in beautiful love stories again
Why could it be Ismael and Aon Play
ended the year together But if we don't
know the story they had I don't
know it and I haven't spoken to the old man eh
No no no I haven't spoken to the old man
except to ask for that cli of the ru and
no no no I haven't told him anything because
neither does his life [ __ ] his [ __ ]
private life there is  no gossip that has to do with
it, I mean, maybe I usually try to
find out, I haven't
made any videos of Aurun and Sara Ismael
Why Because it hasn't been anything
conflictive controversial you understand me or rather
something You know I mean it hasn't been anything no no
normal it's lucky the girl too well
in the end you end up hanging out with
people or you meet people no I mean no no no
there's nothing everyone showing us love
in such a beautiful way what's happening is
Sismel has an ex-boyfriend Mark Fauste that
I was telling you that this guy from what I
had heard wasn't taking
the breakup with Sara well Ismael was a
little jealous play and had started
a relationship a secret romance with
Claudia Babel in the middle of this whole
story there seemed to be someone else in question who is
Iker Casias because it turns out that Iker and
Claudia Babel I told you that they were
flirting in the past and well well Iker
had lost one of his flings because
now Claudia Babel was in love what do I
say she was in love Well because
she herself had shared an image
holding Mark's hands and had
shared this photo with a heart on
her social networks and in the middle
of all this I put Lidia Lozano because
please before counting on it
But why don't you put Belén Esteban
here in this little space above that fits you
But how are you going to put Lidia Lozano
why By the way, on the main channel you
have a chat with Lidia Lozano
from the other day eh I don't know if you've seen it but if you haven't seen it I recommend that you watch it eh I have to tell you that today I work on the program inform And suddenly I was telling my colleagues on the p La Movida that I had had
that Aon Play had made a
video for me through Stories and Lidia Lozano
said that Aon Play was a singer, do
you know who Aon Play is because Lidia
Lozano, do you know who Javi Oliveira and
Teresa Alceo are, what are you going to know who
Auron Play is and you Lidia a this
musical camera Who is Auron Play let's see
a band not
one and what does brpl play  that was
Hey but when the gentlemen join it
seems
wonderful Sure but that's callplay
han
sa is son Play is a streamer Well
let's get to the point let's see auron Play
made a video based on the videos
I made explaining this whole
thing By the way Javi Hoyos Javier
Hoyos the one who uploads gossip to tiktok what was I
going to say I don't dislike you I respect your
work but damn lately you've been
putting me in every video that I have
nothing to do with it that you talk about other
people dude you're putting me in there
a guy a plum head that I don't
even know who he is and I don't give a
damn who his girlfriend is his new life and
as if tomorrow eh I don't know eh he's
going on a boat and crashes it I do
n't give a [ __ ] don't put me in there I have nothing to do with it
Javier ollos please what's wrong
with Claudia Babel This video let's see I
don't think she felt bad
because she responded with humor But
auron Play responded he put a
graphic description of my relationship according to
auron Play and a photo of like auron
Play mar fauste Sara's ex Ismael
Auron's current girlfriend Play with a
plum on his face, that is, Auron Play has
called his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend a plum head,
that can, that can get to your
hands, eh remember to eat five pieces of
fruit a day, can you repeat fruit? I
love plums because of course he
called bron a plum face Play
Claudia's current boyfriend Babel and he
shared this image of plums
says Will of iruelas and he also made
a video I know that maybe you're not
understanding why I uploaded a photo
with a chilo a Chilo a boy with a
plum face everyone here
wanting to jump on the bandwagon but I came
here to explain it to you, eh, they've involved me
in a controversy with three other people and
one of them has a plum face but
this girl Who is she, I mean, where does she come from? She
plays soccer too, why,
why has her ex's boyfriend decided to
call him plum face,
eh, the ex's boyfriend? Of course, but there will be
internal problems, I mean, because they say
that Car ciruela is jealous of Auron
Play and was feeling bad about the Auron Play thing. He
must have said something to him. He must have made him do
something and that's why Auron is like this
with him. She's a girl from H. Oh yeah. And Iker was
flirting with Iker and I was going to
say Iker Jiménez. Carmen kills me, no,
Iker Jiménez. We also got him involved in this.
No, Carmen. Iker Casillas. Are you
telling me I have bad taste? I mean, what
are you trying to tell me? I mean, we need to
talk because maybe your girlfriend and I
have better taste. We like
plums. I like plums and I
think you do too. Why are there so many
comments like that, hate, and looking at the
stories to see if we're three people
in love with
plums? I'm not waxy, my goodness. Oh
please. I don't know how to end this gossip
because, of course, I may have
involuntarily created a war by
telling you everything that had happened. I
would like to know your opinion, what do you
think of all this gossip to
keep up to date with the latest news?
This little gossip has been good, eh? It has been
well I liked this little gossip I liked I liked I liked you
know what
I don't like so much that I have to start
being quarterly now man
hide the Gan of fame daughter for me no
no it's that he wanted to get in there as a
joke but apart from that the logical thing is that the
boyfriend would have asked her not [ __ ] I am
alive alive by miracle that he
infected me or rather the logical thing would have been
that the boyfriend would not have asked her not to
stir up trouble Between him and auron Play I don't
say I say I'm missing the shocka but
that I was going to upload it to Twitter the
shocka the the The partyocracy in
which we live here in Spain the
decisions that are made are made by
people that you don't know nor do I
either countries and why doesn't he grow hair
now that he's letting his hair grow
longer because now that he has a different cut
Why doesn't he grow hair because he doesn't take
advantage the world is controlled by
money and the money is held by people that we don't
know Who we are we
think that he is the most who is the one who
has the most money or the one from Amazon not at the time
of the  true, the real power is held by
people we don't know Who is this that
we are seeing, it's a bit like
bread for the people Ah, for example, for
example I ba is financed by the PSOE Yes,
for many years, but this
information is public, no So it's
true and b is financed by the PSOE, he finances
the PSOE we've known that for a
long time but Likewise IV
is also a tter when it comes to and wow, he is
another puppet eh and another puppet
of the State just like I am too,
the thing is that I can't tell you this
because otherwise I would end up in a
ditch but we are all puppets and we
are all puppets of the State, some to a
greater extent like I was and others to a lesser
extent like me, of course This is the
reality, the palpable reality at a
social level of what is happening. I don't
understand anything, is it a joke? Now I'll
put the clip on Twitter for you, guys, I'm going
to sleep. Well, sleep. Damn, I'm going to
do the quarterly, man, and I had to, I had to,
I would have liked to
record a video for  the principle by the
time man I have to finish preparing
the video in New York and and I have to I have to
record another new one but it's
that eye Óscar Puente has criticized
Yuso in the sanctuary it's hard to believe that
this monstrosity is real and that there is a
right wing that is swollen and serious that feels
represented by this person and
Fran tells him What is hard to believe Is that this
character has become a minister
being almost as boorish as me
anyway here we collect any species
So his retirement is
assured what a host no but how
unfortunate no Twin I don't know what's
wrong with what Ayuso is doing
here is that here everyone puts
everything that it is Javi Oliveira the gref the
plex or rather mine my cameo my cameo with with
Ayuso has been it has been historic no no I
am that we are already
normalizing this but let's see how
you see it this does not surpass that of Maduro and the
comic let's see man is the president of
the community of Madrid is in Oliveira
no no but I mean it's that no longer you no longer know
with what  is going to wake up tomorrow,
meaning Oscar Puente well all the
politicians are like criticizing Yuso
for this cli where he
mentions me It's that here everyone puts
everything it's Javi Oliveira the gref
the plex Neon and hammer it's not like I don't know
we are normalizing all kinds of cameos
but I already am I think it's
getting a little out of hand I think it's
getting a little out of hand
Oh really wizard I'm going
crazy for not looking at the community no no no no no pass
man you haven't supported the
cause at all eh not even today eh Let's see you haven't
supported the cause at all today eh I mean it's
all been the gentlemen let's see literally
you haven't uploaded anything to the cause
Eh you haven't uploaded it's all been
gentlemen I mean it's just as
the gentlemen left it I mean I opened
this because the gentlemen had the idea
that have contributed brutal
brutal family No seriously tomorrow
we look at the community it's that I have to
Put quarterly room and it's going to be
so late guys a kiss a kiss tomorrow is
Friday  We'll see if we see each other. It depends on
how I behaved, if I get any little
surprises, we'll see each other tomorrow. A kiss,
handsome.
[Music]